# Fonts
font-family = "Iosevka Term"
font-size = 14
font-style-bold=Medium
adjust-cell-height = 10%

# Colors
window-colorspace = display-p3
selection-invert-fg-bg = true

# Theme
theme = Monokai Remastered

# Padding
window-padding-balance = true
window-padding-x = 7
window-padding-y = 7

# Options
title = " "
mouse-hide-while-typing = true
confirm-close-surface = false

# Mac specific options
macos-option-as-alt = true
macos-icon = custom-style
macos-icon-ghost-color = #ea6962
macos-icon-screen-color = #44403d

# Key bindings
# keybindings
keybind = cmd+t>r=reload_config
keybind = cmd+t>x=close_surface

keybind = cmd+t>n=new_window

# tabs 
keybind = cmd+t>c=new_tab
keybind = cmd+t>shift+l=next_tab
keybind = cmd+t>shift+h=previous_tab
keybind = cmd+t>comma=move_tab:-1
keybind = cmd+t>period=move_tab:1

# quick tab switch
keybind = cmd+t>1=goto_tab:1
keybind = cmd+t>2=goto_tab:2
keybind = cmd+t>3=goto_tab:3
keybind = cmd+t>4=goto_tab:4
keybind = cmd+t>5=goto_tab:5
keybind = cmd+t>6=goto_tab:6
keybind = cmd+t>7=goto_tab:7
keybind = cmd+t>8=goto_tab:8
keybind = cmd+t>9=goto_tab:9

# split
keybind = cmd+t>\=new_split:right
keybind = cmd+t>-=new_split:down
              
keybind = cmd+t>j=goto_split:bottom
keybind = cmd+t>k=goto_split:top
keybind = cmd+t>h=goto_split:left
keybind = cmd+t>l=goto_split:right

keybind = cmd+t>z=toggle_split_zoom

keybind = cmd+t>e=equalize_splits

# other
copy-on-select = clipboard